Assignment 3 - Pipes and Shared Memory/README.md, before:

# Assignment 3 - Inter-Process Communication Mechanisms
This folder contains the task requirements, tester, and solution code for the third assignment.

## Task Requirements
The complete task requirements are specified in a3_en.pdf.\
In summary, the task is to write a program that communicates with the tester via named pipe and performs a series of operations such as managing shared memory, memory-mapping files, or reading specific segmens of a file into shared memory.

## Running in Docker
In order to see the tester run in a Docker container, first build an image with
```
docker build --tag os-assig-3 --file a3_dockerfile .
```
then run the image with
```
docker run --rm os-assig-3
```
(Note that it may take a moment for the tester to start, since it needs to generate some test files first.)

If you'd instead prefer to run some more specific tests (e.g. to use the `--test` and `--verbose` options on the tester), you can run
```
docker run --rm -it os-assig-3 sh
```
to run a shell inside the docker container. From there, you can invoke the tester manually or run any other desired commands. You can then `exit` when done.

Commit message:

Implemented 'Read From File Section' in Assignment 3
Notably, the correct approach would be to extract common SF-file-related
functionality between Assignment 1 and Assignment 3 into a library or such,
then have both use that (to avoid code duplication). But because the tester
needs to compile the code itself, adding external libraries without making
changes to the tester is something I'm not sure how to do cleanly.

Assignment 3 - Pipes and Shared Memory/README.md, after:

# Assignment 3 - Inter-Process Communication Mechanisms
This folder contains the task requirements, tester, and solution code for the third assignment.

## Task Requirements
The complete task requirements are specified in a3_en.pdf.\
In summary, the task is to write a program that communicates with the tester via named pipe and performs a series of operations such as managing shared memory, memory-mapping files, or reading specific segmens of a file into shared memory.\
There are also some tasks involving SF files where it would have been cleaner to set up a shared library of functions with Assignment 1, but given that the tester wants to compile the code itself, adding additional files becomes more complicated.

## Running in Docker
In order to see the tester run in a Docker container, first build an image with
```
docker build --tag os-assig-3 --file a3_dockerfile .
```
then run the image with
```
docker run --rm os-assig-3
```
(Note that it may take a moment for the tester to start, since it needs to generate some test files first.)

If you'd instead prefer to run some more specific tests (e.g. to use the `--test` and `--verbose` options on the tester), you can run
```
docker run --rm -it os-assig-3 sh
```
to run a shell inside the docker container. From there, you can invoke the tester manually or run any other desired commands. You can then `exit` when done.
